feat(protocol): document P-GPS message format (#239)
NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-docs: docs/devices/cloud-protocol/SensorDataAndConfiguration.rst

Other messages
--------------

> If supported through enabling :ref:`aws-nrf-cloud-location-services`, the device can request A-GPS and P-GPS data through MQTT.
> The A-GPS message published by the device is described in detail in the `A-GPS JSON schema file <./agps-request.schema.json>`_. See the 
> `A-GPS request JSON document <./agps-request.json>`_ for an example request. 
> The cloud publishes the requested types as binary to the ``<device Id>/agps`` topic. 
> If the device requests ephemerides (type 2), this message is too large to combine with other types and will be published in a separate message.
> The P-GPS message published by the device is described in the `P-GPS JSON schema file <./pgps.schema.json>`_. 
> See the `P-GPS request JSON document <./pgps.json>`_ for an example request. 
> The cloud publishes the requested types as binary to the ``<device Id>/pgps`` topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If supported through enabling :ref:`aws-nrf-cloud-location-services`, the device can request A-GPS and P-GPS data through MQTT.

The A-GPS message published by the device is described in detail in the `A-GPS JSON schema file <./agps-request.schema.json>`_. 
See the `A-GPS request JSON document <./agps-request.json>`_ for an example request. 
The cloud publishes the requested types as binary to the ``<device Id>/agps`` topic. 
If the device requests ephemerides (type 2), this message is too large to combine with other types and will be published in a separate message.

The P-GPS message published by the device is described in the `P-GPS JSON schema file <./pgps.schema.json>`_. 
See the `P-GPS request JSON document <./pgps.json>`_ for an example request. 
The cloud publishes the requested types as binary to the ``<device Id>/pgps`` topic.
```
Splitting into paragraphs improves readability.

Other messages
--------------

If supported through enabling :ref:`aws-nrf-cloud-location-services`, the device can request A-GPS and P-GPS data through MQTT.

The A-GPS message published by the device is described in detail in the `A-GPS JSON schema file <./agps-request.schema.json>`_. 
See the `A-GPS request JSON document <./agps-request.json>`_ for an example request. 
The cloud publishes the requested types as binary to the ``<device Id>/agps`` topic. 
If the device requests ephemerides (type 2), this message is too large to combine with other types and will be published in a separate message.

The P-GPS message published by the device is described in the `P-GPS request JSON schema file <./pgps-request.schema.json>`_. 
See the `P-GPS request JSON document <./pgps-request.json>`_ for an example request. 
The cloud publishes a link to the data to the ``<device Id>/pgps`` topic in the format described in detail in the `P-GPS response JSON schema file <./pgps-response.schema.json>`_.
See the `P-GPS response JSON document <./pgps-response.json>`_ for an example response.

> The device then can use HTTP(s) to download the P-GPS data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The device can then use HTTP or HTTPS to download the P-GPS data.
```
Alternatively, "use one or more HTTPs to download" if parenthetical s means plural instead of HTTPS.
